Iterate checker dev doc (#1536)
alphagov/finder-frontend: docs/make-changes-to-brexit-checker-content.md

## Adding change notes

> 

Reviewer: Maybe describing what a change note is and what information it represents would be helpful - I think there might be confusion as they are different from the use of "change note" in the wider GOV.UK publishing platform.

Author: Sure. I've updated to give more indication about how and when they're used. I'm trying to avoid talking about specific fields or examples, in case the structure changes - the link to the file should suffice.

Additions or changes to actions may require a change note, which are defined [in a `change_notes.yaml` file](https://github.com/alphagov/finder-frontend/blob/master/lib/brexit_checker/change_notes.yaml). You should check with the person who requested the change, to determine if a new entry is appropriate.

> When a new entry has been deployed to production, you need to run a rake task to send the notification. The notification will be sent to all subscribers who would see this action on their results page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a new change note has been deployed to production, you need to run a rake task to send the notification. The notification will be sent to all subscribers who would see this action on their results page.
```

Author: Updated 👍. I was initially trying to avoid the ambiguity between the entry and the optional note :-|.
